>> Mike North: Clickjacking,
this one's fun, I like this.
Well, they're all fun, but so here's
the general concept of clickjacking.
So we've got our legitimate web
application here on the left side.
And we buy a domain that kinda
looks like a legitimate domain, but
if you look closely,
it doesn't really start with Equihax.
I mean, that's a subdomain.
The real domain is com-secureblank.cc.
And we create a tantalizing
landing page and
try to get the user to click something.
And then what we do is we build an iFrame,
we iFrame the original app.
And we move it right on top of that button
that we get the user to click on, and
we can actually reduce the opacity to 0
to the point where they think they're
interacting with this page, but in fact,
they're interacting with the other one.
They come, they click, and we've basically
tricked them into performing an action
into an app that we can't see.
But we can sort of position
in just the right spot to get
the user to sort of shoot
themselves in the foot.
One of the most famous clickjacking
attacks had to do with this page here.
This is
the Adobe Flash Security Settings panel.
They have a web application with
a very specific URL you can go to,
to sort of add domains to this panel,
to your global Flash settings.
So you go here, and
this is where you configure your plugin.
They did not have clickjacking protection,
so through an elaborate
positioning of iFrames and things,
there was a pretty issue where people
were able to trick targets into opening
up their Flash security settings.
And then that is an attack that you can
escalate pretty easily because Flash
has broad privileges to execute code
to occasionally even touch things on
the file system.
When you say give Flash
access to everything,
it turns out it can do a whole lot.
So the category of attack this
falls into is a UI redress attack.
Just think of it in terms of the user
thinks they're interacting with one UI,
and really,
they're interacting with another.
You can use it to capture keystrokes as
well, and the really refined clickjacking
attacks, they create the illusion
that your input is correctly
arriving on the page that you see,
not the one that you're interacting with.
So they can go through the trouble of,
>> Mike North: Trying to position
things and resize the iFrame, so
only the input field is showing and
they'll position that right on
top of an existing input field.
So you'll be typing, and
the words will appear as you would expect,
so you can get really,
really clever with this stuff.